#### _Overview_

We may think that all users use a mouse when navigation our apps, but there are some users that also rely on a keyboard. This isn't limited to screen reader users, but also users with slight sight problems and other type of disabilities. For that reason we need make our app easy to navigate while using a keyboard.

We're going to change the style of our links and buttons a bit, so users can spot links currently focused. Usually when styling our app, we concentrate on the `:hover` state, but by simply giving the same style to our `:focus` state we can fix this issue. As long as the `:hover` is noticeable of course. 

We're also going to add what's called a [**skip link**](https://webaim.org/techniques/skipnav/). A skip link in our app will allow users to skip the map, and go straight to the main content.

#### _Instructions_

1. Change the `:focus` and `:hover` styles for every link and form element in your `html` files so that they are easy to spot when using the keyboard. You don't have to worry about styling focusable elements inside your map, only in your app.
> You can test your app navigation by using the tab key.

2. Add a *skip-link* to your app, so users can skip the map. See https://webaim.org/techniques/skipnav/

```html
<!-- index.html -->
<!-- Inside your header, before any other link -->
<a href="#filter-options" class="skip-link">Skip to main content</a>

<!-- give your filter-options sections an id (line 25 or 26 in your file) -->
<div ~mark\id="filter-options"\mark~ class="filter-options">
```

```html
<!-- restaurant.html -->
<!-- Inside your header, before any other link -->
<a href="#restaurant-name" class="skip-link">Skip to main content</a>
```

```css
/* add to your styles.css file at the bottom of the file */
.skip-link {
    display: block;
    position: absolute;
    top: 15px;
    left: -1000px;
    background-color: white;
    padding: 5px 10px;
}
.skip-link:focus {
    left: 15px;
}
```
> Now you'll have a skip-link in your index page, that allows the user to skip to the filter options section, and avoid the map entirely.

3. Use [chromevox](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/chromevox/kgejglhpjiefppelpmljglcjbhoiplfn?hl=en) to find out how a screenreader navigates your app.

4. (Optional) Commit your changes to git and push to GitHub.