#### _Overview_

[MDN - ARIA Live Regions](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/ARIA_Live_Regions)

At this point your app may have a score greater than 90 when running an audit. But the audit doesn't take into account the fact that the app changes the **restaurant listing** dynamically. This means user that rely on screen readers won't be able to notice changes after using the filtering options.

For that reason we're going to add 3 aria attributes to our restaurant listing **container**, mainly `role="region"`, `aria-live="polite"` and `aria-atomic="true"`, to define it as an `atomic live region`, and 1 attribute to both **select** elements `aria-controls=<regionID>`, to set them as the `controls` of this region:

* `role="region"`: The element that will have an `aria-live` attribute, needs to be defined as a region.
* `aria-live="polite"`: Sets *region* as a **live region**, meaning screen readers should expect the region to change. `aria-live` accepts 3 options: `off`, `polite` and `assertive`. The recommended one is `polite`, because, as its name implies, it is *polite* when announcing changes.
* `aria-atomic="true"`: This attribute is used to set whether or not the screen reader should always present the live region as a whole. We need to use this attribute because the *entire* restaurant list will change depending on the filter options. If we don't set this attribute as true, then only one restaurant will be announced by the screen reader.
* `aria-controls=<regionID>`: associates a control with the *region* that it controls. This control is usually a `<button>`, `<select>`, or any other type of `input` element.

#### _Instructions_

1. Set `<ul id="restaurant-list">` as an ARIA **atomic live region** by adding `role=region`, `aria-live="polite"` and `aria-atomic="true"` to it.
2. Set `<select>` elements with id `neighborhoods-select` and `cuisines-select` as **controls** for our new **live region** by adding `aria-controls="restaurant-list"` to them.




```html
<!-- index.html around line 25 -->
<section role="contentinfo" aria-label="Restaurants Found In Your Area">
  <div id="filter-options" class="filter-options">
    <h2>Filter Results</h2>
    <select aria-label="Filter by neighborhood" ~mark\aria-controls="restaurants-list"\mark~ id="neighborhoods-select" name="neighborhoods" onchange="updateRestaurants()">
      <option value="all">All Neighborhoods</option>
    </select>
    <select aria-label="Filter by cuisine" ~mark\aria-controls="restaurants-list"\mark~ id="cuisines-select" name="cuisines" onchange="updateRestaurants()">
      <option value="all">All Cuisines</option>
    </select>
  </div>
  <ul id="restaurants-list" ~mark\role="region" aria-live="polite" aria-atomic="true"\mark~></ul>
</section>
```

3. Test your app with a screen reader like CromeVox, or any other plugin or screen reader app.
4. (Optional) Commit your changes to git and push to GitHub.
