#### _Overview_

In this section we're going to register the `service worker` and cache static assets needed for the app skeleton. We're going to use sample code found in [The offline cookbook](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/instant-and-offline/offline-cookbook/) by [Jake Archibald](https://developers.google.com/web/resources/contributors/jakearchibald).

#### _Instructions_

1. Create a separate file called `js/register-sw.js` where you'll register a service worker. We're going to call this script from both your html files.

```javascript
// Register service worker only if supported
if (navigator.serviceWorker) {
  navigator.serviceWorker.register('/sw.js').then(function(reg) {
    console.log("Service Worker has been registered successfully!");
  }).catch((e) => {
    console.log("Couldn't register service worker... \n", e);
  });
}
```
```html
<!-- last script in both index.html and restaurant.html -->
<script src="js/register-sw.js"></script>
```

2. Now create your `sw.js` file in the root of your project folder. Make sure to place the file in the root of your project, as it won't work if you place it in a sub-folder. From now on all work will be done in this file.
> I don't know why this happens, and can't find documentation explaining this behavior, but it may have to do with the scope of the service worker. Please let me know if you can make it work from a sub-folder.

3. In your `sw.js` file create two variables `appName` and `staticCacheName`. `appName` should have the name of your app (no spaces), and `staticCacheName` should be prefixed with your app's name and the version of your app.
```javascript
const appName = "restaurant-reviews"
const staticCacheName = appName + "-v1.0";
```
> NOTE: when creating caches for your app, it's recommended to prefix it with the name of your app, then append a descriptive name or version number for the main cache. The main cache must have a version number , because this will allow us to delete old caches and create new ones whenever we upgrade our app to a different version.

2. Create another variable with the name of the cache that will be used to store images. 
```javascript
const contentImgsCache = appName + "-images";
```
> Since images are totally independent from the static assets required to run our app, we need to keep them in a different cache. Another reason to do so, is because the static cache will be deleted every time our app is upgraded, and there is no reason to delete images along the static assets.

3. Place all your caches in an array. Right now we only have 2 caches, but it is a good practice to keep all your caches in a single array, so you can easily keep track of them.
```javascript
var allCaches = [
  staticCacheName,
  contentImgsCache
];
```

4. Cache all your static assets [on install, as a dependency](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/instant-and-offline/offline-cookbook/#on-install-as-dependency). This not only includes your app skeleton, but also any other static resource that won't change in the current version of your application: like icons, logos, etc. Later, if your app has to change any of these assets, then is time to change your app's version number in the `staticCacheName` variable set in step 1.
```javascript
/** At Service Worker Install time, cache all static assets */
self.addEventListener('install', function(event) {
  event.waitUntil(
    caches.open(staticCacheName).then(function(cache) {
      return cache.addAll([
        '/', // this caches index.html
        '/restaurant.html',
        '/css/styles.css',
        // add other css files here if you followed the mobile first approach
        '/js/dbhelper.js',
        '/js/secret.js',
        '/js/main.js',
        '/js/restaurant_info.js',
        'js/register-sw.js', // In the video I forgot to add this newly created file
        'data/restaurants.json'
        // add other static assets here like logos, svg icons or any
        // other asset needed for your app UI 
        // (Don't add restaurant images, as they are not part of your
        // application's UI)
      ]);
    })
  );
});
```

5. [On Activate](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/instant-and-offline/offline-cookbook/#on-activate), delete any old **static cache** if its name doesn't match the current version of your app. 

```javascript
/** At Service Worker Activation, Delete previous caches, if any */
self.addEventListener('activate', function(event) {
  event.waitUntil(
    caches.keys().then(function(cacheNames) {
      return Promise.all(
        cacheNames.filter(function(cacheName) {
          return cacheName.startsWith(appName) &&
                 !allCaches.includes(cacheName);
        }).map(function(cacheName) {
          return caches.delete(cacheName);
        })
      );
    })
  );
});
```

> When a new service worker has been successfully activated, this code will delete old versions of your cache when you upgrade the version of your app in the `staticCacheName` variable you set in step 1. This is how we make sure each version of our app has its own cache and service worker, thus making sure there are no conflicts (i.e. if for whatever reason the new service worker can't be installed, users can keep the previous service worker with the right cache).

6. In your browser now you can test if the service worker was successfully installed, and in devtools > application > application cache you should see your new caches. 
> We'll handle requests and cache images in the next section. Right now all we have done is register a service worker, add static assets to the cache, and add code to remove old versions of it.

7. (Optional) Commit your changes to git and push to GitHub.

### NOTE

If you test your app right now in `offline` mode using devtools, it won't work. This is because the service worker isn't hijacking any of the requests and responding with any cached resources if available. We'll fix that in the next section.
