#### _Written Instructions_

1. Head over to [Mapbox](https://www.mapbox.com/) and sign up for an API key. You get, at the time of this writing, 50,000 requests free per month.
2. Copy your key, and place it in a new file `js/secret.js`. There we'll create a new `SECRET` class where we'll store any secrets.
```javascript
// js/secret.js
class SECRET {
  static get mapbox_key() {
    // return your mapbox API key
    return "pk.******************************************************************.*******************-tQ";
  }
}
```
3. Now, **in order to be able to call this CLASS from any other script**, you need to make sure to load this script before any other script that is going to call it. Here we'll load it in each respective `.html` file. Modify your `index.html` and `restaurant.html` files so that `js/secret.js` is loaded before `main.js` and `restaurant_info.js`.
```html
<!-- index.html -->
<script src="js/secret.js"></script>
<script type="application/javascript" charset="utf-8" src="js/main.js"></script>
```
```html
<!-- restaurant.html -->
<script src="js/secret.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="js/restaurant_info.js"></script>
```
4. Now you can use `CLASS.mapbox_key` in both `main.js` and `restaurant_info.js`. Go ahead and replace your key in both files where the text `'<your MAPBOX API KEY HERE>'` is found.
```javascript
// main.js line 81, and restaurant_info.js line 25
mapboxToken: SECRET.mapbox_key,
```
5. Making sure your server is running, you can see Mapbox maps working in your app.
6. We're going to commit our work to git and push it to GitHub, but first let's tell `git` to ignore our `js/secret.js` file. We don't want to make it public. Create a `.gitignore` file in the root of your project, and add the following to it:
```bash
# .gitignore
js/secret.js
```
7. Finally, if everything is working correctly, we do a git commit and push it to our GitHub account.
```bash
$ git add .

$ git commit -m "Enable mapbox maps, but keep API key secret"

$ git push
```

> After this, you should be able to see your code in GitHub without your secret API key stored there. Go ahead and try to look for it, if you did everything ok, you shouldn't be able to find it.