#### _Overview_

We're going to fetch data from the sails servers now. In order to do that we're going to add a new getter to our `DBHelper` class, and change the code in our `fetchRestaurants` helper method.

* We'll create a new class getter named `API_URL`, where we're going to return the url needed to access the sails server, but without suffixing `restaurants` to it. We want to be able to use this `API_URL` on any method that requires us to connect to the sails server. We'll suffix the `endpoint` on each method as required later.

* We'll fix our `fetchRestaurants` method, so
  * it uses the `API_URL` instead of the old `DATABASE_URL`.
  * it suffixes `/restaurants` to the `API_URL` so we can access the `GET` endpoint to get all restaurants.
  * it parses the data differently, as before we had an an object like this: `{restaurants: [array of restaurant objects]}`, but now we only get an `[array of restaurant objects]` back from the sails server.

* We'll fix our `fetchRestaurantById` method, so it uses the API endpoint for getting individual restaurants, instead of fetching all restaurants, but then using only one.

* We'll also need to fix two `DBHelper` methods, `imageUrlForRestaurant` and `imageSrcsetForRestaurant`, as now the `restaurant.photograph` property no longer contains an extension, and one restaurant is even missing the property altogether.

#### _Instructions_

1. Add a new getter method to the `DBHelper` class in `src/js/dbhelper.js`. Call it `API_URL`. It should return the sails server url, without suffixing anything to it.

```javascript
  /**
   * API URL
   */
  static get API_URL() {
    const port = 1337; // port where sails server will listen.
    return `http://localhost:${port}`;
  }
```

2. Change the `fetchRestaurants` helper method in `src/js/dbhelper.js`, so it uses the new `API_URL`, and then suffix `/restaurants` to it. Also make sure data is parsed and returned differently than before. Now we get an `[array of restaurants]` from the `xhr.responseText`, so we can store the parsed data directly into the `const restaurants`.
```javascript
/**
   * Fetch all restaurants.
   */
  static fetchRestaurants(callback) {
    let xhr = new XMLHttpRequest();
~mark\    xhr.open('GET', `${DBHelper.API_URL}/restaurants`);\mark~
    xhr.onload = () => {
~mark\      if (xhr.status === 200) { // Got a success response from server!
        const restaurants = JSON.parse(xhr.responseText);
        callback(null, restaurants);\mark~
      } else { // Oops!. Got an error from server.
        const error = (`Request failed. Returned status of ${xhr.status}`);
        callback(error, null);
      }
    };
    xhr.send();
  }
```

3. Change the `fetchRestaurantById` helper method in `src/js/dbhelper.js`, so it fetches only one restaurant from the API `GET` endpoint for restaurants by id. Since we have to change the code entirely, now we'll use a `fetch` instead of `xhr` in our refactored method.
> You can get away with not refactoring this method at all, but it's an inefficient method. As it is right now, the method uses the `fetchRestaurants` helper method to fetch all restaurants, then `finds` the restaurant it needs, and returns only that one. There is no need to fetch all restaurants anymore, as we now have a `GET` endpoint in our API to get single restaurants by their id.

```javascript
static fetchRestaurantById(id, callback) {
~mark\    fetch(`${DBHelper.API_URL}/restaurants/${id}`).then(response => {
      if (!response.ok) return Promise.reject("Restaurant couldn't be fetched from network");
      return response.json();
    }).then(fetchedRestaurant => {
      // if restaurant could be fetched from network:
      return callback(null, fetchedRestaurant);
    }).catch(networkError => {
      // if restaurant couldn't be fetched from network:
      return callback(networkError, null);
    });\mark~
  }
```
> Since `fetch` returns a promise, we make sure to call the `callback` function at the right time, passing either an error, or a restaurant object.

4. Fix `imageUrlForRestaurant` and `imageSrcsetForRestaurant` helper methods in `src/js/dbhelper.js` so it can use the new `restaurant.photograph` data, and make sure it fallbacks to the `restaurant.id` in case the photograph property is missing.

```javascript
/**
   * Restaurant image URL. It defaults to a medium sized image. It uses restaurant.photograph
   * and fallbacks to restaurant.id if former is missing.
   */
  static imageUrlForRestaurant(restaurant) {
~mark\    let url = `/img/${(restaurant.photograph||restaurant.id)}-medium.jpg`;\mark~
    return url;
  }

  /**
   * Restaurant srcset attribute for browser to decide best resolution. It uses restaurant.photograph
   * and fallbacks to restaurant.id if former is missing.
   */
  static imageSrcsetForRestaurant(restaurant) {
~mark\    const imageSrc = `/img/${(restaurant.photograph||restaurant.id)}`;\mark~
    return `${imageSrc}-small.jpg 300w,
            ${imageSrc}-medium.jpg 600w,
            ${imageSrc}-large.jpg 800w`;
  }
```

6. Stop your `gulp sync` task, delete `src/data/retaurant.json`, including the `data` folder, and start `gulp sync` again. You don't need the `restaurant.json` file, and its parent folder `data` anymore, as we'll be serving data from the Sails server.

7. Make sure your Sails server is running on port `1337` and test your app. It should be working as normal, and in dev tools you'll notice now we're fetching restaurants from the sails API (In the network tab filter by `XHR` calls.)
> You'll notice 3 calls are being made to the restaurant API. This is something I fixed in the code I sent for review, but is not a MUST to pass the rubric. This is something you'll have to come back and try to fix when you pass all 3 phases of your project.

8. (Optional) Commit your changes to git and push to GitHub.