#### _Overview_

Before we enable our service worker again, we should add a web manifest to our app. This will improve our PWA score, and make our app, well, look more like an app. I'd recommend you to use the [Web App Manifest Generator](https://app-manifest.firebaseapp.com/), but you can go ahead and create everything manually. Once done, add your assets to your `static cache` in the `service worker`, change the version, and enable it.

Links and tools:

* [The Web App Manifest](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/web-app-manifest/)

* [Web App Manifest Generator](https://app-manifest.firebaseapp.com/)


#### _Instructions_

1. Create your `manifest.json` using the [Web App Manifest Generator](https://app-manifest.firebaseapp.com/), or manually, whichever you prefer, add your icons, and your `<link rel="manifest" href="/manifest.json">` tag to both `html` files.

2. Add a theme color meta tag to both `html` files, with your favorite theme color: `<meta name="theme-color" content="#<hex-color>"/>`

3. Remove any files that no longer exist from the cache, like `data/restaurants.json`, or any other file that was removed during the development of this phase. Remember that we're using the `dist/` folder as the distribution folder, so make sure tha tthe files you're including exist in this folder after running `gulp sync`

4. Add your `manifest.json` and icons to your `static cache` and then increase the version of your cache.
> We increase the version of our `static cache` every time we change static assets. Not only are we adding more assets to it, but also made changes to multiple files during Phase 2. This is when the `activate` listener in the service worker will delete the old cache, and use the new one, once the new service worker kicks in.

5. Enable your service worker by un-commenting the `import './register-sw';` in both `main.js` and `restaurant_info.js`.
```javascript
import DBHelper from './dbhelper';
import SECRET from './secret';
~mark\import './register-sw';\mark~
```

6. Test your app in a regular browser, and once you're done testing, run a `performance`, `accessibility` and `Progressive Web App` Audit in an **incognito browser window**. Make sure to close all other browser windows, and that this is the only tab open, before doing the audit. 

7. If your scores pass the **rubric**'s requirements, make any desire improvements to your app now, or get ready to submit. If any of them are failing, make sure you ran your audit in a single incognito window, with all other browser windows closed, and even other applications, and if all that fails, try to fix problems, and/or ask for help in slack.

8. If your scores passed, now is time to make sure you understood all the code you used in this walkthrough. If you only followed the walkthrough to create your own code, you should be ready to submit, otherwise, let your reviewer know you followed this walkthrough, and add comments to your code, explaining what each line of code you pasted from this walkthrough does. For example, one of the methods in the `dbPromise` module might look as follows:

```javascript
  // returns restaurants from idb. id is optional and defaults to undefined
  getRestaurants(id = undefined) {
    // this.db refers to the database we created for restaurants reviews. This 
    // opens the database and returns it.
    return this.db.then(db => {
      // We open a store transaction for the restaurants object store as readonly,
      // which is the default.
      const store = db.transaction('restaurants').objectStore('restaurants');
      // if an id was passed to the method, we return a restaurant by that id
      // we make sure the id is passed to idb as an actual Number
      if (id) return store.get(Number(id));
      // if no argument was passed, we return all restaurants from idb
      return store.getAll();
    });
  },
```

9. If you're pushing your code to GitHub, make sure to edit your `README.md` file, to let the reviewer, or any other person that might one to test your project, know how to  run your project. For exmaple:
  * To run this project on your local machine, you need node.js installed.
  * You also need to clone and have `Sails Server` for Phase 2 <link here> running on `localhost:1337`
  * After cloning project, `npm install` or `yarn install`
  * Run `gulp sync` to have BrowserSync serve the app on `localhost:8000`

10. (`!Optional`) Once your happy with your code, and added your own comments to explain yourself and the reviewer, commit your changes to git and push to GitHub. **Contratulations** on getting this far.
