#### _Overview_

### Introducing Background Sync

see https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2015/12/background-sync

Now is time to make our app work offline using background sync. In this section I'm not going to give you any code. By now you should know enough to handle this by yourself. Just believe in yourself.

I'm going to give you some ideas though. You can use them or perhaps come up with something easier. Remember there is more than one solution, but with all the stuff you've done so far, you should be able to do this.

### Debugging the service worker can be hard

Since in this last section you'll have to enable the service worker, you will need to keep the `update on reload` on, and may need to close all browser windows from time to time. Don't despair, you'll get used to debugging the service worker.

### Syncing Favorites

1. If `window.SyncManager` or `navigator.serviceWorker` aren't supported, just do a regular `fetch` to the `PUT` API endpoint.

2. Update data in idb, to reflect the restaurant as favorite or not. You need to update two properties `isfavorite` and `updatedAt`. For `updatedAt` you can use `new Date().toISOString`.

3. In an new idb store named `offline-favorites` store the restaurant id, and the value of `isfavorite` so it can be synced using Background Sync later. For example, if restaurant 1 is marked as favorite, store a new record `{restaurant_id: 1, isfavorite: true}

4. Register the background sync, giving it a name like `syncFavorite`

5. In the service worker, listen for Background sync with name `syncFavorite` and when triggered, open `offline-favorites` store, and for each record stored there, do a `PUT` request to the API. If the user is online, this will happen right away. If the user was offline, it will happen when the browser decides. That's why we needed to update the data on idb in step 2, so the info is available offline.
> It is important to remember that Background Sync is done when the Browser decides is the best time. Sometimes it means as soon as it detects online activity, others after some time has passed.

6. Still in the service worker, for each `PUT` request that is successful, with the data we get back from the server, we forcibly update the restaurant in idb and `.then` we remove the `offline-favorite` record for that specific restaurant.

7. At this point your application should be working offline.

### Syncing Reviews

1.  If `window.SyncManager` or `navigator.serviceWorker` aren't supported, just do a regular `fetch` to the `POST` API endpoint, sending the review data.

2. In a new idb store, called `offline-reviews` store this new review so is available offline, and Background sync knows what data needs to be `POSTED`. You will have to refactor your code for fetching reviews, so it includes all reviews from this store. 
  * Note that this store will also need to have an index for `restaurant_id`, as we'll need to access offline reviews for specific restaurants
  * This has to be a key pair store, meaning that data will have an auto incremented key as its id, and the value will be the review object. Since we're not going to store an id in the object, the id won't be inside like in previous stores.
  * You can use `autoIncrement: true` like so: `upgradeDb.createObjectStore('offline-reviews', {autoIncrement: true})`. 

3. Register for a background sync with name `syncReviews`.

4. In the service worker listen for background syncs with name `syncReviews`. When triggered, open `offline-reviews` and for every record in the store, do a `POST` fetch request using its data. Again, the browser will decide when is the best time to sync, but when online, this happens instantly.

5. Still in the service worker, for each sucessful `POST` request, store the new review into the `reviews` store, and delete the `offline-review` record.

6. At this point your application should be able to post offline reviews. And you should be done!

### How to find me

If you have any questions or suggestions you can find me in Slack as `@prowebsive (MWS Graduate)`. If you find errors, have suggestions, or wish to add something to this walkthrough, you can also visit [the repository](https://github.com/AlexandroPerez/mws-walkthrough), and make comments there, add issues and create pull requests!
